# SECPH-Y1S1
## Programming Technique 1
As a fundamental subject, this course equips the students with theory and practice on problem solving techniques by using the structured approach. Students are required to develop programs using C++ programming language, in order to solve simple to moderate problems. The course covers the following: pre-processor directives, constants and variables, data types, input and output statements, control structures: sequential, selection and loop, built-in and user-defined functions, single and two dimensional arrays, file operations, pointers, and structured data types.

## Digital Logic
Digital electronics is the foundation of all microprocessor-based systems found in computers, robots, automobiles, and industrial control systems. This course introduces the students to digital electronics and provides a broad overview of many important concepts, components, and tools. Students will get up-to-date coverage of digital fundamentals-from basic concepts to programmable logic devices. Laboratory experiments provide hands-on experience with the simulator software, actual devices and circuits studied in the classroom

## Discrete Structure
This course introduces students to the principles and applications of discrete structure in the field of computer science. The topics that are covered in this course are set theory, proof techniques, relations, functions, recurrence relations, counting methods, graph theory, trees and finite automata. At the end of the course, the students should be able to use set theory, relations and functions to solve computer science problems, analyze and solve problems using recurrence relations and counting methods, apply graph theory and trees in real world problems and use deterministic finite automata finite state machines to model electronic devices and problems. 

## Technology and Information System
Technology and Information is the course that will introduce students to information systems and technology (IS/IT) and its uses at home and work. This course will teach hardware, software, network, security and communications. Students will be equipped with basic skills in handling PC installation and productivity tools via practical work in the labs, which shall comprise a major part of the study. This class also conducts industry visits and talks as a part of work-based learning. Both industry visits and talks will expose students to a real working environment, get knowledge from the industry and increase engagement between university and industry. The student also needs to briefly explore the requirements and job specifications for a career in IT. 
